## UNION ambassador Nilan Bannerjee (They/Them)
Ambassadorial activities, including diplomatic negotiations with Diasporan states and recontact/reintegration missions, fall under the purview of the Union Administrative Department, and the UAD’s representative for the Cressidium mission is Nilan Bannerjee. Where administrators are assigned to single worlds or sectors, ambassadors travel wherever their skills are needed; as such, Bannerjee has seen dozens of worlds in a life spent traveling the stars and bridging gaps between peoples and nations. Widely traveled as they are, recontact with a previously lost world considering Union membership isn’t something that happens every day, and this momentous occasion will hinge upon their diplomatic prowess.

As befits their role, Ambassador Bannerjee is charming and pleasant to be around, with a dry sense of humor that grows more pronounced when they’ve been drinking. They speak numerous languages and dialects fluently without the need for dataplate translation, have an encyclopedic knowledge of liquors and wines, and their poker face is second to none – as several members of the Rio Grande’s crew have discovered to their chagrin.

Despite the pressure to succeed here, Bannerjee remains poised and unflappable at all times, only ever showing irritation or annoyance with quirked eyebrows and slight frowns. This assignment may be one of the most challenging they’ve been tasked with in their career, and the stakes are suitably high; facilitating an accord between the LSA and the Sovereignty won’t just mean the likely admittance of Cressidium into Union but will put an end to decades of simmering tensions, proxy skirmishes, and the threat of all-out war. For any diplomat, a success here would be the crowning achievement of a career.

The ambassador has traveled to Cressidium aboard their own vessel along with their own diplomatic staff, but they periodically shuttle over to the Rio Grande to conduct meetings with the senior officers.